W-14069450-botsessioninformation-se (#293)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-bot/1.3/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/hard-soft-requirements.adoc

== Hardware Requirements

> * We recommend using a dedicated computer for running the RPA Bot.

Reviewer: Our [style](https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-%22MuleSoftrecommends%22(%22advises,%22%22suggests%22%E2%80%A6)) is to avoid "we recommend"

Suggest something like "For optimal performance (or whatever the reason behind the recommendation is), use a dedicated....

|===

=== System Settings

* Display resolution: 
** Minimum: 1280 x 1080
** Recommended: Full HD 1080p (1920 × 1080) or higher

> * Scaling of text and other items on the screen: 100 %

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Scaling of text and other items on the screen: 100%
```

> * Scaling of text and other items on the screen: 100 %

Reviewer: Is there a name for this in system settings? Object scaling percentage?

Author: It is called 'custom scaling' in the OS. I found 'font choices' on our style page and chose Monospaced font for the Windows system setting names now. I hope this is ok... (See Slack for Screenshots.)

> * _Clear Type_: turned off

Reviewer: Why italics? Is this a system setting?

> * _Clear Type_: turned off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _Clear Type_: disabled
```

Author: The Windows UI uses 'turn on' -> I'm leaving that (BTW I don't think it's confusing in general for the reader to read phrasal verbs)

=== Requirements for the Secure Session Technology

> Secure Sessions are hidden Desktop sessions. They run in the background and only the bot can access them. An additional advantage of using Secure Sessions is, that the bot can multiply itsself to run several process instances in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secure Sessions are hidden Desktop sessions that run in the background and are accessible only to the bot. An additional advantage of using Secure Sessions is that the bot can multiply itself to run several process instances in parallel.
```

Reviewer: I'm breaking the cardinal rue of active voice here :(

Reviewer: You mention an additional advantage, but I don't see the original advantage.

This paragraph is really about what Secure Sessions are and the advantages, rather than requirements.

Author: No problem for me. I like passive voice :)

Author: Yes, I included the explanation of what Secure Sessions are because the problem seems to be that our users can't seem to find that information easily.

1st advantage: hidden
2nd advantage: parallel

Reviewer: Ah, I missed that hidden=advantage :>

> To use Secure Sessions you must ensure that all prerequisites are met and all responsible persons are informed.

Reviewer: Any way to make this active voice?

Reviewer: I wonder if you can make this lowercase in this case? It's kind of like:
connected apps, the Connected Apps feature
Lowercase the common noun and uppercase the proper noun.

Author: The problem is that it is not defined who does this and in what way.

Author: I think we only use it as proper noun.
There is a patent and I think the name is registered.

Reviewer: Suggest reviewing all mentions and making sure they're correct.

Author: I upper-cased all occurrences of Secure Session and Desktop Session, because this is Servicetrace terminology.
see https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/ask-the-performance-team/sessions-desktops-and-windows-stations/ba-p/372473 for general information about 'Sessions'
Desktop Session = "consists of all of the processes and other system objects that represent a single user’s logon session." and the user is currently logged in. 
Secure Session = same but hidden. Because it is a Remote Desktop Session at the local loopback address.
@Cristian-Venticinque maybe we can add a user-friendly definition of these two terms to the Glossary

> To use Secure Sessions you must ensure that all prerequisites are met and all responsible persons are informed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you implement Secure Sessions, first meet all prerequisites and inform all responsible persons:
```

Author: The person reading this can not meet all the prerequisites and might not know who the responsible persons are. I think this is part of the support problem... 
With that text we can at least raise awareness I hope.

Reviewer: What about:
Before you implement Secure Sessions, first ensure all prerequisites are met and inform all responsible persons:

> * The RPA Bot service runs under the _Local System_ account per default.

Reviewer: Why italics?

Author: It is a name used by Windows, see other comment

Author: replaced with monospaced, see Slack

> ** If you want to use another account, ensure that it has permission to run Windows services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** To use another account, ensure that it has permission to run Windows services.
```

> * The RPA Bot service runs processes under user accounts existing on the same computer or within the same domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The RPA Bot service runs processes under user accounts on the same computer or within the same domain.
```

> ** We recommend using dedicated accounts and a user naming scheme to differentiate between local users and domain users and between human users and bot users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Use dedicated accounts and a user-naming scheme to differentiate between local users and domain users and between human users and bot users.
```

> ** User accounts used by the bot to run processes must belong to the _Remote Desktop Users_ group and must be allowed to establish a local RDP session via the local loopback address 127.0.0.2.

Reviewer: Our style is to use italics for emphasis (sparingly) and variable names.

Author: replaced with monospaced font, see Slack

> ** User accounts used by the bot to run processes must belong to the _Remote Desktop Users_ group and must be allowed to establish a local RDP session via the local loopback address 127.0.0.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** User accounts used by the bot to run processes must belong to the _Remote Desktop Users_ group and must have permission to establish a local RDP session via the local loopback address 127.0.0.2.
```

> * If you want a bot to run more than one (Windows 10, Windows 11) or two (Windows Server) Secure Sessions simultaneously, make sure that a terminal server software with enough licensed users is installed on the computer where the bot is installed. The computer must have enough resources to execute several processes simultaneously: 2 GB or more RAM per session. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To enable a bot to run more than one (Windows 10, Windows 11) or two (Windows Server) secure sessions simultaneously, ensure that terminal server software with enough licensed users is installed on the computer where the bot is installed. The computer must have enough resources to execute several processes simultaneously: 2 GB or more RAM per session. 
```

Reviewer: What does enough (licensed users) mean in this case? How do they determine that?

Reviewer: The computer must have at least 2 GB of RAM to run each secure session?

Are processes = sessions? Or secure sessions = several processes?

Author: The Terminal Server (simulation) software enables the operting system to run more than one (or two) sessions in parallel.
A session is what you get when you log in to the computer.  You have a Desktop that you can see and the system to run your application and you identify by your credentials. If you are logged in to your PC, no one else can log in at the same time.
The Terminal Server software takes away this restriction. But still Microsoft has licensed your OS to be used only by one person at the same time. 
So to stay within legal realms you have to buy an extra license for the number of users that should be able to log in in parallel.
The bot uses the credentials of a user on the computer. (He can log in with the same user multiple times in parallel or use multiple users in parallel)
Only one process can be run in one session. But one process can be run in multiple sessions.
Each session will use at least 2 GB RAM.

Author: I assume that if you buy a terminal server software they tell you to acquire user licenses for the number of users that should be able to log in in parallel. 
We do not maintain or (anymore) ship that software and should not advertise one.

Author: I agree that this is a bit vague, but I don't know how to precise that further within our limited universe.

> * Before deploying a run configuration on a bot that has only one secure session licensed, do not disconnect the session, but sign out the specified user. 

Reviewer: should "but" be "instead"?

Reviewer: "licensed secure session" to match the next bullet

|===

=== System Settings

* Display resolution:
** Minimum: 1280 x 1080
** Recommended: Full HD 1080p (1920 × 1080) or higher
* `Custom scaling` of text and other items on the screen: 100%
* `ClearType`: turned off

=== Requirements for the Secure Session Technology

> Secure Sessions are hidden Desktop sessions that run in the background and are accessible only to the bot. An additional advantage of using Secure Sessions is, that the bot can multiply itself to run several process instances in parallel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Secure Sessions are hidden Desktop sessions that run in the background and are accessible only to the bot. An additional advantage of using Secure Sessions is that the bot can multiply itself to run several process instances in parallel.
```

To use Secure Sessions you must ensure that all prerequisites are met and all responsible persons are informed.

* The RPA Bot service runs under the `Local System` account per default.
** To use another account, ensure that it has permission to run Windows services.
* The RPA Bot service runs processes under user accounts on the same computer or within the same domain.
** Use dedicated accounts and a user-naming scheme to differentiate between local users and domain users and between human users and bot users.
** User accounts used by the bot to run processes must belong to the `Remote Desktop Users` group and must have permission to establish a local RDP session via the local loopback address 127.0.0.2.
* To enable a bot to run more than one (Windows 10, Windows 11) or two (Windows Server) Secure Sessions simultaneously, ensure that a terminal server software with enough licensed users is installed on the computer where the bot is installed. The computer must have enough resources to execute several processes simultaneously: 2 GB or more RAM per session.

> * Before deploying a run configuration on a bot that has only one licensed secure session, do not disconnect the session, instead sign out the specified user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before deploying a run configuration on a bot that has only one licensed Secure Session, do not disconnect the session, instead sign out the specified user.
```

> ** Do not sign in to a computer where a bot with one licensed secure session is running a process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Do not sign in to a computer where a bot with one licensed Secure Session is running a process.
```
